Who are you?
Do you dare to ask me who I am?
Are you talking about the guardianship of Kyushu?
Let’s just talk about me. Are you getting used to this?
Are all the dogs flying to the Australian Bureau? Are you the only one who is still the guardian of Kyushu?
Will I still be a fool from now on?
I tell you these things you did,
From now on I will make you pregnant twice as long.
Conscience, let’s go over here first,
As soon as you leave the mouth, go, go, go,
Is it still a matter of making phone calls to fire people?
I'm so scared, Kyushu can't defend here first.
Aren't you going to crawl on me?
This is something you develop
He doesn't care what it is
You have to take him away
Isn't this a black method of making?
This is one
What is the black method of making
Make black magic
It's easy to find
You can cooperate with us indefinitely
Such days
I will take a look at it three points
Do you still need to find the long black print?
What did you say
Of course it's human
It seems your ears
This card is Wuwangdang
Now I give it to me when I play
This time the black card is very white
A few white cards
Sorting out the old party’s development Jane’s hand
Black card in case of answer
Are you Mr. Gao?
Don't listen to his nonsense
Is this true or false?
Don’t know yet
If he really is Wan Zhong
His family
Can you still live in this ruined face?
what i said is
Once I get off, I'll jump on it.
Let him put it on and he will speak
He has a collection of buying and selling
It's just us playing
Mr. Xiangzi and Man
I still have to line up the right ones. It’s a master’s external reading.
Don’t you forget the smell of your snack?
I almost made me a dish to read outside.
You interrupt the little hand-folder
You drank a taste of Miyo
Very different
Uncomfortable
If you just do the pressing work for him, that’s not a good thing.
Also said it was me
It’s Director Jiang who is here
There is also a Qibao Palace
A small cocking machine like this
You still care what he does, in my heart
I'm totally shitty